Bump version of admin-ui to 1.15.1 (#8919)
crate/crate: blackbox/docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

Changes
=======

> - Increased the version of admin-ui to 1.15.1 which has the queries adapted to

Reviewer: This should go under fixes. Also, I'd omit the `Increased the version..` detail, how the problem was fixed is not relevant to the user, nor is it relevant for users that the admin-ui is separately versioned. 

From a user perspective what was broken is that partitions didn't show up in the table view of the admin-ui

Fixes
=====

> - Updated the admin-ui to version 1.15.1 to fix the partitions in the table view

Reviewer: Now it contains even more implementation details...

```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the admin ui that prevented partitions from showing up in the table detail view.
```

Or something like that.
